Data Aggregator DxM: Support the GQI DxM (#4768)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Advanced_Modules/Data_Aggregator/Data_Aggregator_settings.md

> - Keep in mind that **if there is no firewall in place, anyone can use the web UI and the REST API**, as no authentication is required to use Data Aggregator.
> - To go to the debug page, add `/debug` to the URL. For example, if the URL was defined as `http://127.0.0.1:5000`, you can access the debug page at `http://127.0.0.1:5000/debug`.

> ## GQI DxM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Executing queries using the GQI DxM
```

By default, queries are executed using CoreGateway and SLHelper.
To execute the queries using the [GQI DxM](xref:GQI_DxM), the following setting must be enabled:

```json
{
  "QueryExecutorOptions": {
    "UseGQIDxM": true
  }
}
```

> > [!NOTE]

Reviewer: This note is probably important enough to be the first thing you see in this section?
Maybe even have a higher priority than just Note (e.g. Important/Warning)?

>

> > - This setting requires Data Aggregator version 3.1.0 or higher.

Reviewer: Maybe we should phrase it more "positively"?

```suggestion
> - This setting is available from Data Aggregator version 3.1.0 onwards.
```

Author: Done

> > - When changing this setting on an existing Data Aggregator setup where queries have been configured already, the existing queries will no longer work. Existing queries must be [migrated](xref:Data_Aggregator_Migrators).

Reviewer: Link directly to specific migrator?

Author: Done

> - Keep in mind that **if there is no firewall in place, anyone can use the web UI and the REST API**, as no authentication is required to use Data Aggregator.
> - To go to the debug page, add `/debug` to the URL. For example, if the URL was defined as `http://127.0.0.1:5000`, you can access the debug page at `http://127.0.0.1:5000/debug`.

## Using the GQI DxM for queries

By default, queries are executed using CoreGateway and SLHelper. To execute the queries using the [GQI DxM](xref:GQI_DxM), enable the following setting:

```json
{
  "QueryExecutorOptions": {
    "UseGQIDxM": true
  }
}
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
>

> > - This setting is available from Data Aggregator version 3.1.0 onwards.

Reviewer 2: OK, just to clear up any possible doubt, I'd change this like this then:
```suggestion
> - This setting is available from Data Aggregator version 3.1.0 onwards and can be used with DataMiner versions from DataMiner 10.5.0 [CU1]/10.5.4 onwards.
```
